update(namespace): Add global settings (#3295)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/multi-tenancy/namespace-quick-start.md

This section guides you through using the [MQTTX client](https://mqttx.app) to connect to EMQX and quickly experience the core capabilities of the namespace feature: tenant identification, client and topic isolation, and ACL isolation.

## Enable a Namespace Source (Generate the `tns` Attribute)

By configuring a namespace source, EMQX can identify the namespace from client connection information and automatically create the corresponding namespace when the client connects.

### Enable via Configuration File

Add the following configuration to `base.hocon` to extract the namespace identifier from the username:

```
mqtt.client_attrs_init = [
  { expression = "nth(1, tokens(username, '-'))", set_as_attr = tns }
]
```

**Example**

If a client connects with the username `tenantA-user1`, EMQX extracts `tenantA` as the namespace identifier.

### Enable via Dashboard

> You can also configure the namespace source in the Dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure the "Take Namespace From" in the Dashboard:
```
